README.md, before:

# About me
- 🏫 KwangWoon University, School of Computer and Information Engineering
- 👯 I’m doing research about *3D Face reconstruction using Action Units*
- 🌱 I’m learning how to make a game with Unity5 and C#
- 📫 How to reach me: (Email)legacytachyon@gmail.com
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- ⚡ Fun fact: I do hiphop. I'm in three university clubs.

<!--
**imsohy/imsohy** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently on leave of absence.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning how to make a game with Unity5 and C#, starting with a visual novel.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on unity game programming.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with game audio / VSTI plugin programming (I really wanna try it!)
- 💬⛔ Don't ask me I'm an idiot sandwich
- 📫 How to reach me: (Email)legacytachyon@gmail.com
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- ⚡ Fun fact: I do hiphop. I'm in three university clubs.
-->

Commit message:

Update README with new research and learning details
Added a new line about seeking help with game audio and VSTI plugin programming.

README.md, after:

# About me
- 🏫 KwangWoon University, School of Computer and Information Engineering
- 📫 How to reach me: (Email)legacytachyon@gmail.com
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- 👯 I’m doing research about *3D Face reconstruction using Action Units*
- 🌱 I’m learning how to make a game with Unity5 and C#
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with game audio / VSTI plugin programming (I really wanna try it!)
- ⚡ Fun fact: I do hiphop. I'm in three university clubs.

<!--
**imsohy/imsohy** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently on leave of absence.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning how to make a game with Unity5 and C#, starting with a visual novel.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on unity game programming.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with game audio / VSTI plugin programming (I really wanna try it!)
- 💬⛔ Don't ask me I'm an idiot sandwich
- 📫 How to reach me: (Email)legacytachyon@gmail.com
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- ⚡ Fun fact: I do hiphop. I'm in three university clubs.
-->
